Create bribery attack section (#1471)
UMAprotocol/protocol: documentation/oracle/known_issues.md

##### Overview of Attack

The DVM uses a Schelling-Point style voting system with tokenized voting rights that pays a reward to voters who vote with the majority (described [here](./economic_architecture.md)).

In a bribery attack, assume that there exists a 3rd party individual who would like to corrupt the DVM by bribing any UMA tokenholder who puts in a corrupted vote with a reward of `x`.

Assume each UMA token is worth 1 unit of value and entitles the token holder to submit 1 vote.
Each voter must decide whether to submit a corrupted vote (“be corrupted”) or an uncorrupted vote (“not be corrupted”).
The system is considered corrupted if the majority of UMA tokenholders submit the corrupted vote.

We assume that if the system is corrupted, the UMA voting token becomes worthless — the UMA token that was previously worth 1 unit of value goes to 0.

To compel voters to submit accurate votes, the UMA system issues `r` newly minted UMA tokens, to be distributed proportionally to all voters who voted with the majority.
We label that the fraction of voters who are honest (not corrupted) as `p` (this means `p` is between 0 and 1).

> This means the reward that an honest voter receives is scaled by how many corrupted voters honestly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reward that an honest voter receives is therefore scaled by how many token holders vote honestly—the reward paid to an honest voter is `r/p`.
```
